c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\faceanalysis.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Annotations.dll.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Compat.dll.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.UI.dll.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.Utils.dll.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Media.Compat.dll.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Fragment.dll.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Transition.dll.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.Palette.dll.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\dda502ec.proguard.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\proguard\a35ed7280.txt
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\a35ed728.proguard.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\66b78e27.proguard.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\60bb5a27.proguard.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\fab25ab7.proguard.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\9d822774.proguard.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\5379ba9d.proguard.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\3d49bfb2.proguard.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\2da19e7d.proguard.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\proguard\b76e0d310.txt
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\b76e0d31.proguard.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\f291fecb.proguard.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\proguard\8f1de9cb0.txt
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\8f1de9cb.proguard.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\6ce5e490.proguard.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\proguard\acdd43380.txt
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\acdd4338.proguard.stamp
c:\Users\rnjsr\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\c2195535.proguard.stamp
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\faceanalysis.Android.dll.config
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\faceanalysis.Android.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\faceanalysis.Android.pdb
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\com.faceanalysis.apk
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\com.faceanalysis-Signed.apk
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\faceanalysis.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\PCLCrypto.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\PInvoke.BCrypt.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Kernel32.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\PInvoke.NCrypt.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Windows.Core.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Validation.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Annotations.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Compat.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.UI.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.Utils.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.CustomTabs.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Fragment.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Media.Compat.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Transition.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.Palette.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ProjectOxford.Face.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ProjectOxford.Common.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\faceanalysis.pdb
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\faceanalysis.dll.config
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.xml
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\PCLCrypto.xml
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\PInvoke.BCrypt.xml
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Kernel32.xml
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\PInvoke.NCrypt.xml
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Windows.Core.xml
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.xml
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.pdb
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.xml
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.dll.mdb
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.pdb
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.xml
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Validation.xml
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\faceanalysis.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Annotations.dll.stamp
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Compat.dll.stamp
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.UI.dll.stamp
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.Utils.dll.stamp
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Media.Compat.dll.stamp
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Fragment.dll.stamp
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Transition.dll.stamp
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll.stamp
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll.stamp
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.Palette.dll.stamp
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll.stamp
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll.stamp
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll.stamp
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll.stamp
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll.stamp
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll.stamp
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.CustomTabs.dll.stamp
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\faceanalysis.Android.dll
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\faceanalysis.Android.pdb
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\com.faceanalysis.apk
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\res\xml\file_paths.xml
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\faceanalysis.dll.mdb
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\bin\Debug\faceanalysis.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\faceanalysis.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\faceanalysis.dll.mdb
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Media.dll.mdb
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Permissions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\rnjsr\Desktop\faceanalysis\faceanalysis\faceanalysis.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
